---
title: Community bonding
author: Vaibhav Sahu
author_url: https://github.com/Vaibhavsahu2810
---

<!--
SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-SA-4.0
SPDX-FileCopyright Text: 2025 Vaibhav Sahu <sahusv4527@gmail.com>
-->

# Community Bonding

## Community Meeting 1

_(May 12,2025)_

We had our first official meeting to kick off the community bonding period for GSoC 2025. This was an important step to help contributors and mentors get to know each other and start working as a team. Everyone introduced themselves, talked about their past experience with open source, and shared what FOSSology is all about. We also discussed what to expect during the GSoC journey. To stay connected, we decided to use Slack as our main way to communicate. In the end, we had a Q&A session where people could ask questions and clear up any doubts.

## Week 1 & 2

_(19 May to 29 May 2025)_

Over the past two weeks, I’ve been working on my project idea for GSoC. I started by going through the tasks and planning how to tackle each one. Then, I explored the parts of the FOSSology codebase related to my project. After that, I created an initial plan for how I’ll implement everything and had a meeting with Jan to walk him through my approach. He gave helpful feedback and has been really supportive. Once that was done, I began working on the first part of my project — improving the OSSelot export for SPDX and ReadmeOSS reports. You can check out the progress here: [GitHub link](https://github.com/fossology/fossology/compare/master...Vaibhavsahu2810:fossology:osselot-export-enhancement)

## 1-on-1 meeting with [@JanAltenberg](https://github.com/JanAltenberg)

_(19 May, 2025)_

During the community bonding period, I had a meet with my mentor [@JanAltenberg](https://github.com/JanAltenberg) where I shared my plans and ideas for the project. Jan gave positive feedback on my approaches and helped clear up some doubts and questions I had about certain parts of the project. We also decided on a communication plan for the upcoming GSoC period.

## 1-on-1 meeting with [@Shaheem Azmal M MD](https://github.com/shaheemazmalmmd)

_(22 May, 2025)_

I had a short but helpful meeting with my mentor [@Shaheem Azmal M MD](https://github.com/shaheemazmalmmd). During the meeting, I shared some of the questions I had about my project idea and got clarity on a few points. We also discussed some updates that need to be made on the GSoC dashboard.

## Meet 1 with [@JanAltenberg](https://github.com/JanAltenberg) and [@Shaheem Azmal M MD](https://github.com/shaheemazmalmmd)

_(23 May, 2025)_

As planned in our earlier meeting, we had our first weekly catch-up to discuss the progress of the project. During this meeting, Jan explained the necessary things needed for the OSSelot export, also shared a Git branch with me — [this one](https://github.com/fossology/fossology/compare/master...JanAltenberg:fossology:osadl-osselot) — as a reference to help me get started with the first part of my project. This branch gave me a good starting point for my development work.

## Community Meeting 2

_(May 29, 2025)_

This was our first general meeting after the introductory session. Mentors and contributors came together to decide on a common weekly meeting time, which was finalized based on majority. The mentors emphasized the importance of good communication, staying connected with the community, and regularly sharing updates.

Project-specific issues were created on GitHub to help us stay organized. We also received guidance on writing documentation, progress reports, and how to handle any open or pending pull requests and issues.

Everyone confirmed that they had no difficulties with setting up the project or contributing to FOSSology so far.

## Meet 2 with [@JanAltenberg](https://github.com/JanAltenberg)

_(30 May, 2025)_

In this meeting, I shared a solution I had been working on — here's the [link](https://github.com/fossology/fossology/compare/master...Vaibhavsahu2810:fossology:osselot-export-enhancement).
so i have done with the one task where i have to improve export regarding the ossolet report Initially, I had implemented the OSSelot export as a global setting, but after discussing it with Jan, I updated it to work on a per-upload basis instead. We went over the final changes together, compared the differences in the export results, and I asked for his feedback. Jan agreed with the updated solution, gave me some useful suggestions, and pointed out a few minor fixes to make that i have implemented.

This report summarizes my activities and interactions during the GSoC community bonding period.
