---
sidebar_position: 4
title: Week 4
---

<!--
SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-SA-4.0

SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2025 Shaheem Azmal M MD <shaheem.azmal@gmail.com>
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2025 Siemens AG
-->

Welcome to meeting minutes page for GSoC 2025 at FOSSology 26-06-2025.

## Attendees:

  - [Gaurav Mishra](https://github.com/GMishx)

  - [Anupam Ghosh](https://github.com/ag4ums)

  - [Shaheem Azmal M MD](https://github.com/shaheemazmalmmd)

  - [Rajul Jha](https://github.com/rajuljha)

  - [Sushant Kumar Mishra](https://github.com/its-sushant)

  - [Dearsh Oberoi](https://github.com/deo002)

  - [Ayush Bhardwaj](https://github.com/hastagAB)

  - [Harshit Gandhi](https://github.com/harshitg927)

  - [Muhammad Salman](https://github.com/SalmanDeveloperz)

  - [Tiyasa Kundu](https://github.com/tiyasakundu)

  - [Prakash-Mishra](https://github.com/Prakash-Mishra-9ghz)

  - [Oyewale Abdulsobur](https://github.com/smilingprogrammer)

  - [Amrit Kumar Verma](https://github.com/amritkv)

  - [Devanshi Sachan](https://github.com/devxnshi)

  - [Avinal Kumar](https://github.com/avinal)

  - [Vaibhav Sahu](https://github.com/Vaibhavsahu2810)

  - [Chayan Das](https://github.com/ChayanDass)

## Missed:

  - [Katharina Ettinger](https://github.com/EttingerK)

  - [Kaushlendra Pratap](https://github.com/Kaushl2208)

  - [Ahmed Gamal](https://github.com/Ahmed-Gamal24)

  - [Jan Altenberg](https://github.com/JanAltenberg)

  - [Sahil Jha](https://github.com/sjha2048)

  - [Soham Banerjee](https://github.com/soham4abc)

## General

- [Shaheem Azmal M MD](https://github.com/shaheemazmalmmd): General updates regarding project. and discussion regarding atarashi with [Anupam Ghosh](https://github.com/ag4ums).

- Discussion between [Anupam Ghosh](https://github.com/ag4ums) and [Gaurav Mishra](https://github.com/GMishx) regarding ORT project and its links with SW360 antenna.

## Updates from contributors

- [Rajul Jha](https://github.com/rajuljha)

  - Demonstrated the working KeywordAgent, built using SRINGS.in from the Nomos agent.

  - Shared the evaluator script results tested on NomosTestFiles â€” yielded ~99.5% accuracy.

  - Debugged cases with true negatives and realized the need for additional keyword sources.

  - Finalized a two-stage filtering architecture for license detection pre-check.

  - Walked through code improvements and refactoring done on the Atarashi base code.

- [Prakash-Mishra](https://github.com/Prakash-Mishra-9ghz)

  - I have continued my work of Nomos Agent integration from the last week.

  - Majority of the work has been finished.

  - Demo on the finished work.

- [Vaibhav Sahu](https://github.com/Vaibhavsahu2810)

  - This week I have worked on implementation of feature reuse from Ocelot and reuse configuration of Upload.

  - It is configured to work on package name and version.

  - Currently testing the changes and working on minor issues will raise a PR soon.

- [Harshit Gandhi](https://github.com/harshitg927)

  - This week I started with integrating textphrases in the upload page,

  - I have implemented the text phrases page and

- [Chayan Das](https://github.com/ChayanDass)

  - I'm working on the license review improvements.

  - Works on Set up my testing environment like creating a test DB, migrate the first user and drop the test DB.

  - I created the PR for it and it got merge yesterday and I'm currently working on the messaging protocol.

- [Ahmed Gamal](https://github.com/Ahmed-Gamal24)

  - No Update Available.

- [Oyewale Abdulsobur](https://github.com/smilingprogrammer)

  - This week i worked on preprocessing script implementation.

  - Next week i will be able to trigger the script through the Github actions.

- [Devanshi Sachan](https://github.com/devxnshi)

  - I have been working on a few iterations for the sub level menu here.

  - I have already completed the main header menu with two items.

  - I worked on the brand guideline.

- [Muhammad Salman](https://github.com/SalmanDeveloperz)

  - Omar's branch on my fork with changes are ready to review now.

  - For this week I have merged the changes with latest master.

  - Will work on the conflicts and other changes to make it workable.

- [Tiyasa Kundu](https://github.com/tiyasakundu)

  - Last week I had rendered the header and the footer components and was working on segregating all the styling in the global dot CSS file.

  - I had successfully migrated and rendered the header and the footer components from react.

  - Suggetion from gaurav to not waste time on fixing styling as design project is in place.
