---
sidebar_position: 6
title: Week 6
---

<!--
SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-SA-4.0

SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2025 Shaheem Azmal M MD <shaheem.azmal@gmail.com>
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2025 Siemens AG
-->

Welcome to meeting minutes page for GSoC 2025 at FOSSology 10-07-2025.


## Attendees:

  - [Shaheem Azmal M MD](https://github.com/shaheemazmalmmd)

  - [Kaushlendra Pratap](https://github.com/Kaushl2208)

  - [Ayush Bhardwaj](https://github.com/hastagAB)

  - [Anupam Ghosh](https://github.com/ag4ums)

  - [Sushant Kumar Mishra](https://github.com/its-sushant)

  - [Jan Altenberg](https://github.com/JanAltenberg)

  - [Dearsh Oberoi](https://github.com/deo002)

  - [Amrit Kumar Verma](https://github.com/amritkv)

  - [Muhammad Salman](https://github.com/SalmanDeveloperz)

  - [Tiyasa Kundu](https://github.com/tiyasakundu)

  - [Vaibhav Sahu](https://github.com/Vaibhavsahu2810)

  - [Chayan Das](https://github.com/ChayanDass)

  - [Ahmed Gamal](https://github.com/Ahmed-Gamal24)

  - [Oyewale Abdulsobur](https://github.com/smilingprogrammer)

  - [Devanshi Sachan](https://github.com/devxnshi)

## Missed:

  - [Katharina Ettinger](https://github.com/EttingerK)

  - [Gaurav Mishra](https://github.com/GMishx)

  - [Sahil Jha](https://github.com/sjha2048)

  - [Avinal Kumar](https://github.com/avinal)

  - [Rajul Jha](https://github.com/rajuljha)

  - [Soham Banerjee](https://github.com/soham4abc)

  - [Harshit Gandhi](https://github.com/harshitg927)

  - [Prakash-Mishra](https://github.com/Prakash-Mishra-9ghz)

## General

- [Shaheem Azmal M MD](https://github.com/shaheemazmalmmd): General updates regarding the project. request contributors to finish their evaluation without fail.

## Updates from contributors

- [Rajul Jha](https://github.com/rajuljha)

  - No Update Available.

- [Prakash-Mishra](https://github.com/Prakash-Mishra-9ghz)

  - No Update Available.

- [Vaibhav Sahu](https://github.com/Vaibhavsahu2810)

  - Outlined next steps for scancode parallel-scanning implementation.
  - Discussed about how we can use FOSSology REST API and FOSSology DUMP for reuse integration.
  - Started working on scancode parallel-scanning implementation.

- [Harshit Gandhi](https://github.com/harshitg927)

  - No Update Available.

- [Chayan Das](https://github.com/ChayanDass)

  - Created a PR to fix the obligation creation issue caused by shortname validation.
  - Added full CRUD test coverage for obligations.
  - Improved messaging protocol to better support both internal usage and external API messaging.

- [Ahmed Gamal](https://github.com/Ahmed-Gamal24)

  - Discuss regarding the pre work he has done with mentors.
  - Checking composer.json to determine which depends I need to package.
  - Creating packages for the depends that do not exist as official debian packages.

- [Oyewale Abdulsobur](https://github.com/smilingprogrammer)

  - This week was about migration of all current available progress so far in the demo repository into the main Safaa repository.
  - It was really challenging and an eye-opener for me on working with the repository codebase.
  - I faced challenges like incompatible code, trying to fit in the codes i have written so far into the repository, and a lot of git conflict.
  - I was able to resolve all the code conflict, pushed it to one of my repository branch, and submitted a pull request for review. But not much of the git conflict resolved.

- [Devanshi Sachan](https://github.com/devxnshi)

  - Applied all feedback to the secondary navigation bar, adjusting its placement and reducing visual clutter by limiting the number of options shown upfront.
  - Refined the Search page design by incorporating feedback, especially on the accordion component, ensuring it is accessible, clean, and consistent with the rest of the UI; marked this page as complete.
  - Documented core components - Header, Footer, and Alert messages - in the design system, including usage guidelines, interaction states, and integration notes to support consistent implementation.

- [Muhammad Salman](https://github.com/SalmanDeveloperz)

  - This week, I mainly worked on solving the issue with the web pod not connecting to the database.
  - I spent time checking logs, going through the PHP config files, and trying different ways to fix the problem.
  - I focused on both the web and scheduler pods to understand what was going wrong and how to make them talk to each other properly.

- [Tiyasa Kundu](https://github.com/tiyasakundu)

  - Working on migration for rest of the pages apart from search.
  - Hoping to finish the migration of UI by next week.

