---
sidebar_position: 2
title: Week 2
---

<!--
SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-SA-4.0

SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2025 Shaheem Azmal M MD <shaheem.azmal@gmail.com>
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2025 Siemens AG
-->

Welcome to meeting minutes page for GSoC 2025 at FOSSology 12-06-2025.


## Attendees:

  - [Katharina Ettinger](https://github.com/EttingerK)

  - [Gaurav Mishra](https://github.com/GMishx)

  - [Shaheem Azmal M MD](https://github.com/shaheemazmalmmd)

  - [Kaushlendra Pratap](https://github.com/Kaushl2208)

  - [Rajul Jha](https://github.com/rajuljha)

  - [Sushant Kumar Mishra](https://github.com/its-sushant)

  - [Dearsh Oberoi](https://github.com/deo002)

  - [Soham Banerjee](https://github.com/soham4abc)

  - [Jan Altenberg](https://github.com/JanAltenberg)

  - [Ayush Bhardwaj](https://github.com/hastagAB)

  - [Harshit Gandhi](https://github.com/harshitg927)

  - [Muhammad Salman](https://github.com/SalmanDeveloperz)

  - [Tiyasa Kundu](https://github.com/tiyasakundu)

  - [Prakash-Mishra](https://github.com/Prakash-Mishra-9ghz)

  - [Vaibhav Sahu](https://github.com/Vaibhavsahu2810)

  - [Chayan Das](https://github.com/ChayanDass)

  - [Oyewale Abdulsobur](https://github.com/smilingprogrammer)

## Missed:

  - [Anupam Ghosh](https://github.com/ag4ums)

  - [Ahmed Gamal](https://github.com/Ahmed-Gamal24)

  - [Amrit Kumar Verma](https://github.com/amritkv)

  - [Devanshi Sachan](https://github.com/devxnshi)

  - [Sahil Jha](https://github.com/sjha2048)

  - [Avinal Kumar](https://github.com/avinal)

## General

- [Shaheem Azmal M MD](https://github.com/shaheemazmalmmd): General updates regarding project. Discuss on UX progress.

## Updates from contributors

- [Rajul Jha](https://github.com/rajuljha)

  - Spent time exploring and analyzing the Minerva Dataset.

  - Prepared and shared insightful visualizations for license frequency, source distribution, and class balance.

  - Severe data imbalance across license classes. Lack of negative samples — currently all samples are associated with known licenses, with no explicit “no license” or “non-license” examples.

  - Implemented a proof of concept for Locality Sensitive Hashing.

  - Struggles when input is shorter or a subquery, highlighting the need for preprocessing strategies or text padding.

- [Prakash-Mishra](https://github.com/Prakash-Mishra-9ghz)

  - I have focused on running nomos as standalone tool like outside the fossology server.

  - Used command line to run this and explored different formats like plain text and json.

  - Started writing some initial code like skeleton for implementing some interface and classes.

- [Vaibhav Sahu](https://github.com/Vaibhavsahu2810)

  - I have worked on fixing my last PR "Export of SPDX and readmeOSS reports to OSSelot project" according to review comments.

  - I have also started working on import of clearing decisions using OSSelot project.

  - This functionality is implemented in upload from page using reuse button.

  - Shows demo of the current implementation.

  - Short discussion regarding permission issue. few suggetions from mentors.

- [Harshit Gandhi](https://github.com/harshitg927)

  - This week I started with the wireframing of the text phrases page under admin,

  - it would allow the users to add custom text phrases which would be linked by licenses.

  - I also created the the new table that was required for this feature and also made it compatible with the build process.

- [Chayan Das](https://github.com/ChayanDass)

  - Resolved changes requested by my mentors for my golang migration PR and it got merged.

  - Currently working on levenshtein distance algorithm to compare license texts.

- [Ahmed Gamal](https://github.com/Ahmed-Gamal24)

  - No Update Available.

- [Oyewale Abdulsobur](https://github.com/smilingprogrammer)

  - I have started working on scripts to copy copyrights from fossology server.

  - PostgreSQL commands to copy the data from the table.

  - I have converted it into a script by making use of Python libraries to in order to make it to be to be reusable using my Python script.

- [Devanshi Sachan](https://github.com/devxnshi)

  - No Update Available.

- [Muhammad Salman](https://github.com/SalmanDeveloperz)

  - Looked into changes done by Omar's, like the PR 2086.

  - Tried to set up this changes locally, ran into few issues.

  - All compatibility issues are fixed currently working on fixing database connectivity.

  - Short discussion regarding database connectivity issue. few suggetions from mentors.

- [Tiyasa Kundu](https://github.com/tiyasakundu)

  - I worked on set up a basic next JS environment.

  - I had started working on the migration process of the code base from react to next.

  - Transferring the components and the pages one by one.
